# GIS-Route-Analysis
We developed an application built upon the [OpenGeo Boundless Suite](http://boundlessgeo.com/solutions/) for Geographical Information Systems (GIS). This project was set by [Thales](https://www.thalesgroup.com/en) on behalf of the [University of York](http://cs.york.ac.uk).

## Product Description

The general overview of the product and its functionality are as follows. The application intended for the analysis and depiction of the performance of response units. The application will provide geographical information over response jurisdictions according to customisable metrics. The application should be web-hosted cloud service, available to authenticated users. Users should be able to view heatmaps for analysis, individual journeys and their data, select area-specific data and take snapshots of data and visuals. Additionally, the user should be able to control the levels of analysis that they are able to see. For example, a user should be able to see response times of units, view a heatmap of the times and individual journeys, select responses in a particular borough of a city, and take snapshots of the their current view. If they have performed numerous analyses, they should be able to control which are displayed for when they wish to take snapshots and/or view data.

Importantly, clients should be able to customise the metrics and analysis performed on data. A user should be able to analyse data from a certain period, according to the metrics (time taken/distance travelled/average time/etc.), and export the data and depiction they can see, so they can present this to others. As this is a performance analysis tool, it is important that both sufficient analysis can be performed, and that the analysis can later be presented by the user, to others. For example, an analysis of a particular area, or particular drivers, should be presentable to the area manager, or to the drivers. 

The system will have databases for users (storage and credentials), processed data (for overlaying on maps), and maps (areas and overlays). The methods of analysis and metrics used will both be customisable in accordance with the user’s requirements, as will the method of data collection from the user. 
